doc: releasenotes 2.5: Add CAN driver release notes (#31803)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/release-notes-2.5.rst

* CAN

  * We reworked the configuration API.
    A user can now either specify the timing manually
    (define prop segment, phase segment1, phase segment2 and prescaler),
    or use a newly introduced algorithm to calculate optimal timing values from

>     a bitrate and sampling point. The bitrate and sample point can be specifier

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    a bitrate and sample point. The bitrate and sample point can be specified
```

    in the device tree too. It is possible to change the timing values
    at runtime now.

  * zcan_frame struct was reworked due to undefined behavior.
    The std_id (11-bit) and ext_id (29-bit) are merged to a single id
    field (29-bit). The union of both IDs was removed.

>   * We made the CANbus API was made CAN-FD compatible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The CAN bus API was made CAN-FD compatible.
```

Author: Passive voice should be avoided.

Reviewer 2: Really? All the other entries are passive and I also felt it was a bit personal for a changelog. Your call though, the content itself isn't affected :-)

Author: At least Grammarly told me that after I pasted it there :-)
Don't you think it's better to read? The passive voice feels boring, IMO.
